check out this week's must-see movies
this is our time this is our chance to
make a different Pacific Rim uprising a
new generation of giant robot pilots
battle against a new giant monsters
there is a terrible evil in the world
darkness is spreading a persecutor of
Christians becomes an influential
preacher and teacher in Paul apostle of
Christ
I'm Sherlock gnomes sworn protector of
doubt and knows a detective searches for
missing ornaments in Sherlock gnomes who
needs a ship no Sherlock
see what's hot in theatres with this
week's fantasy patient
[Music]
so what's your weekend ticket going to
be let us know by commenting see you
next time on weekend ticket
[Music]